index.md, before:

# Twitch Radio Mode Chrome Extension


Hello from gh-pages branch, index.md


This extension for Google Chrome browser lets users play the stream in radio mode.

Korean version of README can be found [here](https://github.com/c-rainbow/twitch-audio-web/blob/master/readme/README.ko.md).
한국어 설명서는 [여기](https://github.com/c-rainbow/twitch-audio-web/blob/master/readme/README.ko.md)로

## Use

After installing the extension, go to a Twitch channel webpage. You will see a radio icon next to the volume slider in the video player area.

![Radio mode button](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/c-rainbow/twitch-audio-web/master/public/images/radiobutton.png)

Clicking the icon will start playing the audio_only stream, and the icon becomes yellow.

![Radio mode on](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/c-rainbow/twitch-audio-web/master/public/images/radiomode.png)

The volume can be adjusted in the same way as the video, using the same volume slider.

If you want to pause, just click the radio icon one more time. The audio will automatically stop if the video is played.



## Install

The extension can be installed in [Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/twitch-radio-mode/dbojkfdnamfipdnlknbpjphemjnldeoo)

If you want to download the source code yourself, please follow the steps below, or follow the official installation instruction which can be found [here](https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/getstarted).

1. Download or clone the code, and unzip the file
2. In Google Chrome, go to chrome://extensions
3. On the top right, enable "Developer Mode"
4. Click "Load Unpacked", locate the unzipped directory.

The code comes with pre-built Javascript code which can be readily used as an extension.


## Develop

The extension is created with TypeScript and uses Webpack to build the code.

Please install webpack and other dependencies for the project.

```
> npm i
```

After you build the project, two files (dist/background.js, dist/conentscript.js) will be updated with the current TypeScript code.

```
> npm run build
```

Load the extension in Chrome browser as instructed in _Install_ section.

Commit message:

Update index.md with FAQ

index.md, after:

# Twitch Radio Mode Chrome Extension

Thanks for installing Twitch Radio Mode browser extension. This extension for web browser lets users play the stream in radio mode.

## Use

After installing the extension, go to a Twitch channel webpage. You will see a radio icon next to the volume slider in the video player area.

![Radio mode button](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/c-rainbow/twitch-audio-web/master/public/images/radiobutton.png)

Clicking the icon will start playing the audio_only stream, and the icon becomes yellow.

![Radio mode on](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/c-rainbow/twitch-audio-web/master/public/images/radiomode.png)

The volume can be adjusted in the same way as the video, using the same volume slider.

If you want to pause, just click the radio icon one more time. The audio will automatically stop if the video is played.


## Install

The extension can be installed in [Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/twitch-radio-mode/dbojkfdnamfipdnlknbpjphemjnldeoo)


## Frequently Asked Questions

#### Can I use this extension in a recorded video, like past broadcasts, highlights, clips, etc?
This extension only works for a livestream.

#### Can I collect channel points with this extension?
No, you cannot collect channel points if the video is not played.

#### I cannot use radio mode in the main page.
For now, the extension only works in the streamer's channel page.

#### The radio mode button is disabled when I clicked it.
I apologize for the error. Unfortunately, the only workaround I know is to refresh the page.

This is a known issue and I could not find a solution yet. It happens when you click the button 20 minutes after the stream is loaded.
