README.md, before:

# Twitch Radio Mode Chrome Extension

This extension for Google Chrome browser lets users play the stream in radio mode.



## Use

After installing the extension, go to a Twitch channel webpage. You will see a radio icon next to the volume slider in the video player area.

![Radio mode button](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/c-rainbow/twitch-audio-web/master/public/images/radiobutton.png)

Clicking the icon will start playing the audio_only stream, and the icon becomes yellow.

![Radio mode on](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/c-rainbow/twitch-audio-web/master/public/images/radiomode.png)

If you want to pause, just click the radio icon one more time. The audio will automatically stop if the video is played.



## Install

The official installation instruction can be found [here](https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/getstarted).

1. Download or clone the code, and unzip the file
2. In Google Chrome, go to chrome://extensions
3. On the top right, enable "Developer Mode"
4. Click "Load Unpacked", locate the unzipped directory.

The code comes with pre-built Javascript code which can be readily used as an extension.


## Develop

The extension is created with TypeScript and uses Webpack to build the code.

Please install webpack and other dependencies for the project.

```
> npm i
```

After you build the project, two files (dist/background.js, dist/conentscript.js) will be updated with the current TypeScript code.

```
> webpack
```

Load the extension in Chrome browser as instructed in _Install_ section.

Commit message:

Added volume slider message in README

README.md, after:

# Twitch Radio Mode Chrome Extension

This extension for Google Chrome browser lets users play the stream in radio mode.



## Use

After installing the extension, go to a Twitch channel webpage. You will see a radio icon next to the volume slider in the video player area.

![Radio mode button](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/c-rainbow/twitch-audio-web/master/public/images/radiobutton.png)

Clicking the icon will start playing the audio_only stream, and the icon becomes yellow.

![Radio mode on](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/c-rainbow/twitch-audio-web/master/public/images/radiomode.png)

The volume can be adjusted in the same way as the video, using the same volume slider.

If you want to pause, just click the radio icon one more time. The audio will automatically stop if the video is played.



## Install

The official installation instruction can be found [here](https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/getstarted).

1. Download or clone the code, and unzip the file
2. In Google Chrome, go to chrome://extensions
3. On the top right, enable "Developer Mode"
4. Click "Load Unpacked", locate the unzipped directory.

The code comes with pre-built Javascript code which can be readily used as an extension.


## Develop

The extension is created with TypeScript and uses Webpack to build the code.

Please install webpack and other dependencies for the project.

```
> npm i
```

After you build the project, two files (dist/background.js, dist/conentscript.js) will be updated with the current TypeScript code.

```
> webpack
```

Load the extension in Chrome browser as instructed in _Install_ section.
